Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Welcome to use this application and related services!
In order to provide you with better services, please carefully read the "Terms of Use and Privacy Policy of this Application" (hereinafter referred to as "this agreement"). Before you start to use this application software and related services, please be sure to read and fully understand this agreement, especially the terms related to exemption or limitation of liability, terms of rights and licenses and information use, and terms of agreeing to open and use special individual services , Law application and dispute resolution clauses, etc. If you are under the age of 18, please read and fully understand this agreement accompanied by your legal guardian, and download the software after obtaining the consent of the legal guardian.
If you use this application software and related services, it is deemed that you have fully understood this agreement and promised to accept the constraints of the agreement as a party to this agreement.
User personal information
Without your permission, we will not collect your personal information, except in the following cases:
(1) Obtain your explicit authorization in advance;
(2) You share, transfer or disclose to a third party by yourself;
(3) It is directly related to national security, national defense security, public security, public health, and public interests;
(4) Disclosure or provide in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, procedures, and mandatory administrative and judicial requirements, or where it is directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; we will follow all The type of personal information required and the method of disclosure publicly disclose your personal information. Under the premise of complying with laws and regulations, when we receive the above request for information disclosure, we will require the corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters, to be issued. We will carefully review all requests to ensure that they have a legal basis and are limited to data that the administrative and judicial departments have legal rights to obtain for specific investigation purposes;
User Code of Conduct
1 User behavior requirements
You should be responsible for your use of this product and related services. Unless permitted by law or with our prior written permission, your use of this application software and related services must not have the following behaviors:
1.1 Use any plug-in, plug-in, system or third-party tool that is not authorized or licensed by us to interfere, destroy, modify or exert other influences on the normal operation of this application software and related services.
1.2 Use or conduct any behavior that endangers computer network security by using or targeting this application software and related services, including but not limited to:
(1) Activities that endanger network security, such as illegally hacking into another person's network, interfering with the normal function of another person's network, and stealing network data;
(2) Provide programs and tools specially used to engage in network security activities such as intruding into the network, interfering with normal network functions and protective measures, and stealing network data;
(3) Provide technical support, advertising promotion, payment and settlement, etc., if you know that others are engaged in activities that endanger network security
(4) Use unauthorized data or access unauthorized servers/accounts;
(5) Enter the public computer network or the computer system of another person without permission and delete, modify, or add stored information;
(6) Without permission, attempt to probe, scan, test the weakness of the application system or network, or implement other behaviors that undermine network security;
(7) Attempt to interfere or disrupt the normal operation of this application system or website, deliberately spread malicious programs or viruses, and other acts that disrupt and interfere with normal network information services;
(8) Forged TCP/IP data packet name or partial name.
1.3 Reverse engineer, reverse assemble, compile, or otherwise try to discover the source code of this application software.
1.4 Violation of laws and regulations, this agreement, our relevant rules and other acts that infringe on the legal rights of others.
In any case, if we have reason to believe that any of your actions violated or may violate the above agreement, we can make independent judgment and deal with it, and at any time have the right to terminate the service to users with any prior notice. And hold relevant responsibilities.
Disclaimer
1 You understand and agree that this application software and related services may be affected or interfered by a variety of factors, and we do not guarantee (including but not limited to):
1.1 We are fully suitable for the user's requirements;
1.2 We are not disturbed, timely, safe, reliable or error-free; any software, services or other materials obtained by users through us meet the expectations of users;
1.3 Any errors in the software will be corrected.
2 Regarding the suspected borrowing or other property-related network information, account passwords, advertisements or promotion information, users should be cautious and make their own judgments. Based on the foregoing reasons, you have suffered profit, business reputation, data loss or other tangible or intangible information. We are not responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, derivative or punitive compensation for losses.
3 The user understands and agrees that in the process of using this application software and related services, it may encounter force majeure and other factors (force majeure refers to an objective event that cannot be foreseen, cannot be overcome, and cannot be avoided), including but not limited to government actions, natural disasters, Network reasons, hacker attacks, wars or any other similar incidents. When a force majeure situation occurs, we will try to repair it in a timely manner, but the user agrees that we will not be liable for losses caused by the force majeure.
4 We obtain the right to deal with illegal content in accordance with this agreement. This right does not constitute our obligation or commitment, and we cannot guarantee timely detection of illegal activities or corresponding handling.
5 The user reads, understands and agrees: Regarding the services of this agreement, we do not provide any kind of express or implied warranties or conditions, including but not limited to commercial marketability, applicability for specific purposes, etc. Your use of the software and related services of this agreement must be at your own risk.
6 The user reads, understands and agrees that this agreement is to ensure compliance with national laws and regulations, maintain public order and good customs, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of others. We will do our best to make judgments in accordance with relevant laws and regulations within the scope of our ability, but we do not guarantee that our judgments are completely consistent with The judgments of the judicial and administrative agencies are consistent, and the user has understood and agreed to bear the consequences.
other
1 The establishment, entry into force, performance, interpretation and dispute resolution of this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the mainland of the People’s Republic of China. If any provisions of this agreement are invalid due to conflicts with the laws of the mainland of the People's Republic of China, these terms will be as close as possible to the original intent of this agreement to re-analyze, and other provisions of this agreement shall still have full force and effect.
2 We have the right to modify this agreement in accordance with changes in national policies, technical conditions, product features, etc., and we will publish the modified agreement. Once the foregoing content is officially released and delivered to users in an appropriate manner (website announcement, system notification, etc.), it is an integral part of this agreement, and you should also comply with it. If you disagree with the modified agreement, please stop logging in and using the application software and related services immediately. If you log in or continue to use the application software and related services, you shall be deemed to have approved the modified agreement.
4 The headings in this agreement are provided for convenience and reading only, and do not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions in this agreement.
5 You and us are independent entities. Under any circumstances, this agreement does not constitute any form of express or implied guarantee or condition for users, nor does it constitute an agency, partnership, joint venture or employment relationship between the two parties.
6 The copyright of this agreement belongs to us, and we reserve all rights of interpretation and modification.

